docs: Adding brief documentation to coreComponent packages (#3352)
GEOS-DEV/GEOS: src/coreComponents/functions/CMakeLists.txt

#==================================================================================================
# Package : functions
#

> # Contains base class for interfacing arbitrary N-dimensional functions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Contains classes for storing and computing arbitrary N-dimensional functions.
```
